and I had never considered that the Wild
Turkey was a playful bird but in fact
they are playful they are curious about
things that don't benefit their survival
directly the white-tailed deer is found
late this year and as always turkey boys
vying for some reaction but this time
he's bitten off more than he can chew
[Music]
the young deer can give as good as she
gets
[Music]
sweet peas favorite is far more amiable
the fox squirrel seems to want to play
as much as she does
[Music]
there's no question in my mind that
these birds experience joy in their
lives
[Music]
it was learning new things about turkeys
every day but this was not just about
how they lived their life these animals
were showing me how to live my life also
you